# ICS-ADS-with-Neural-Networks

This project is part of my summer internship at IIT Kanpur

Abstract: Critical Infrastructures are the most important assets for any country in terms of economic and financial aspects and they vary from country to country. For India power and water supplies are some of the critical infrastructures that are controlled using Industrial control systems.  SCADA (supervisory control and data acquisition systems) plays an important role in Industrial control systems. Recently they have become attractive target for highly skilled and organized cyber attackers who are looking to harm these assets for disturbing there economic and financial growth and disturb the lives of the people of the country. In the past a malware named STUXNET targeted industrial site of Iran- uranium enrichment plant. The malware manipulated set point at which the centrifuges are supposed to rotate which changed the speed of the centrifuges  without the knowledge of the uranium enrichment plant-operators. Stuxnet is the first known reported malware that successfully infiltrated and harmed a critical infrastructure.  This has led to a major concern of strengthening the cybersecurity in critical infrastructure space. And for this we need persistent security systems which can defend against zero day attacks. We have seen signature based IDS (Intrusion Detection Systems) that can defend against known or defined attack types but not unknown or zero days. For this we need Intelligent Intrusion detection systems that uses deep learning techniques like neural networks to defend against these attacks. I will develop an Anomally based IDS using Neural Networks as part of my internship.
